# Entry 5
##### 4/20/26
As of our last blog entry, our minimum viable product for our project was actually due. Before spring break, I spent that time working on a website called `codecademy.org` where I was able to apply a lot of what I learned from node, similar to that of [freecodecamp](tiny.cc/fccjs). During spring break, me and my partner worked on putting our code together and finalizing the project, when we ran into a slight problem. Our code works locally when we use node.js and use our local host, but when we try to show it through GitHub pages, it doesn't work. This is currently the only bug our game has that we know of, but once we figure out how to display an API onto GitHub pages, we'll have people test it out for us. Our MVP was making sure one level worked, and at the end of the level you would get a question. To go beyond our MVP, we decided that we'd make multiple levels, and each level would have its own question. To be more accurate with our questions so people could actually use it, my partner and I asked our AP chem teacher, Ms Torres to help give us a couple of questions, and we're hoping to get about 90 questions total for our game. 
### EDP 
For our engineer design process, we are at the end of it, where we have finished designing and finished building, and now we're debugging. Once GitHub pages is loaded, we're gonna have a bunch of people testing it out, and if they find errors they'll let us know. We hope to be done debugging our code by before the AP exam, because we'd actually like people to be able to use this, and if it seems like it works, people could keep using it after we graduate. And if it works well for the AP chem students, we might even be able to make a separate game for the regular chem students who want to study for the Chemistry regents. 
### Skills
One skill that I think we used very well was collaboration, and teamwork. We showed this well through the way we worked together to finish our project during spring break. Over break, me and my partner called and communicated a lot to finish it. When he'd finished his part of the project, he let me know and pushed it to me so I could add in the API and push to him, and from there we worked on making sure it worked through a temporary server, and now currently we are still communicating to figure out how to make it work through a permanent server.
Another skill I think we showed very well is our dependability. We showed our dependability through how we depended on each other to have our part of the project done. We kept ourselves accountable through the entirety of the project, and it showed at the end when we finally finished our project. Doing a project with someone takes a lot of trust, and you need to be able to take accountability for things, and people need to be able to take accountability of things too. If we didn't depend on each other, we likely wouldn't have been able to finish the project in time. 

[Previous](entry04.md) | [Next](entry06.md)

[Home](../README.md)